Rename `NoteMessage.fixItID` to `noteID` (#2264)
apple/swift-syntax: Release Notes/510.md

## API-Incompatible Changes

> - Note message Fix-It ID
>   - Description: This was an error that it was named `fixItID` and should have been named `noteID` instead. The deprecation methods
>       emit a warning that informs the developer that it have been renamed. If you previously conformed to `fixItID` it will not compile.
>   - Issue: https://github.com/apple/swift-syntax/issues/2261
>   - Pull Request: https://github.com/apple/swift-syntax/pull/2264

Reviewer: Minor suggestsions

```suggestion
- `NoteMessage.fixItID` renamed to `noteID`
  - Description: This was an error that it was named `fixItID` and should have been named `noteID` instead. Accesses to `fixItID` are deprecated and forward to `noteID`. Any types that conform `NoteMessage` it will need to be updated to provide a `noteID` instead of a `fixItID`.
  - Issue: https://github.com/apple/swift-syntax/issues/2261
  - Pull Request: https://github.com/apple/swift-syntax/pull/2264
```
